添加多人对战文档 (#641)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/multiplayer/client-engine/quick-start-node.mdx

---
title: Client Engine Quick Start - Node.js
sidebar_label: Quick Start
sidebar_position: 2
---

> This document helps you get up to speed on how to create a Client Engine project, a simple two-player rock-paper-scissors game that relies on the multiplayers JavaScript SDK for its logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document helps you get up to speed on how to create a Client Engine project, a simple two-player rock-paper-scissors game that relies on the Multiplayer JavaScript SDK for its logic.
```

In this document, we'll first learn how to start the project locally, briefly try it out, and then deploy the project to the cloud. After that, we will introduce the detailed game logic and how to develop our own game in [Developer Guide](/sdk/multiplayer/client-engine/guide-node/).

### Start the project

### Install command line tools

> Please check the documentation of the command line tool **[Installation section](/sdk/engine/cli/#installation)** to install the command line tool and execute the command **[Login](/sdk/engine/cli/#login-account)** to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check the **[Installation section](/sdk/engine/cli/#installation)** of the documentation of the command line tool to install the command line tool and execute the **[Login](/sdk/engine/cli/#login-account)** command to log in.
```

### Create a project

> Get the sample project from Github, please use this project as your project base:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the sample project from Github. Please use this project as your project base:
```

```js
git clone https://github.com/leancloud/client-engine-nodejs-getting-started
cd client-engine-nodejs-getting-started
```

> Add the application App ID and other information to the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the application's App ID and other information to the project:
```

```sh
lean switch
```

> In the first step of selecting an App, select the LeanCloud app that corresponds to your game. In the second step, when selecting the Cloud Engine group, you must select the `_client-engine` group, for which LeanCloud provides optimised maintenance and support specifically for the Client Engine, as shown here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first step for selecting an App, select the LeanCloud app that corresponds to your game. In the second step, when selecting the Cloud Engine group, you must select the `_client-engine` group, for which LeanCloud provides optimized maintenance and support specifically for the Client Engine, as shown here:
```

![image](/img/client-engine/lean-switch.png)

### Running locally

> First install the necessary dependencies in the current project's directory by executing the following command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First install the necessary dependencies in the current project's directory by executing the following command:
```

```sh
npm install
```

> If the data storage service will also be used, execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Data Storage service will also be used, execute the following command:
```

```sh
npm install leancloud-storage
```

Open the debug log when you start the application:

```sh
DEBUG=ClientEngine*,RPS*,Play lean up
```

If you do not need the debug log, you can start it directly with the following command:

```sh
lean up
```

After startup, open `http://localhost:3000/` in your browser to check if the project started properly.

### Visit the site

> #### Feel the game

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Experience the game
```

After the server-side project is started, if you want to experience the Demo game, you need to open two additional [Client Sample Demo](https://client-engine-app.leanapp.cn/) pages at the same time, and do the following configurations in these two pages:

> Click Configs, APP_ID , APP_KEY and PLAY_SERVER fill in the App ID, App Key and server address of the previously selected application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click Configs and enter the App ID, App Key, and server URL of the previous selected application into APP_ID, APP_KEY, and PLAY_SERVER:
```

```sh
# If your browser is already logged into LeanCloud, select the relevant app below and copy and paste the relevant information into Configs:
 APP_ID:  "your-app-id"
 APP_KEY: "your-app-key"
```

Next, enter `http://localhost:3000` in Client Engine Server. As shown in the figure:

![image](/img/client-engine/browser-demo.png)

Once the information is filled in, click Login to Play to start the game.

#### Client Code

If you want to see the detailed client code, you can visit [Client Sample Code](https://github.com/leancloud/client-engine-demo-webapp) on github.

## Deploying to the Cloud

> Deploy to a prepared environment and run it in the root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy to the staging environment, run the following command in the root directory:
```

```sh
lean deploy --staging
```

> Login to the LeanCloud console in a browser, bind [cloud engine domain](/sdk/domain/guide/#cloud-engine-domain) (custom domains starting with `stg-` will be automatically bound to the prepared environment), and then visit the corresponding URL to see the text of the Client Engine server being run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the LeanCloud console in a browser, bind a [Cloud Engine domain](/sdk/domain/guide/#cloud-engine-domain) (custom domains starting with `stg-` will be automatically bound to the staging environment), and then visit the corresponding URL to see the text indicating that the Client Engine server is running.
```

For other detailed deployment methods, please refer to [Deployment](/sdk/engine/cli/#deployment) in the command line tools documentation.

> ## Your first Client Engine mini-game

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Your first Client Engine game
```
